	For my project QuarantineQubit I chose a computer program as the form, as I wanted to tie the events of 2020 during the pandemic to quantum computing. Quantum computing is something that has intrigued me for a while, and I was able to learn much more about it in my computer security class this quarter. The kind of mind blowing idea of quantum computing is that instead of using bits that are stuck on 0’s and 1’s, it is able to have every qubit represent 1 and 0 at the same time. But, quantum computers by their very nature are uncertain, and accessing the memory can mess up the computer. All that goes towards the idea that quantum computing is uncertain, and this year has been really uncertain. Knowing I wanted to combine those two ideas, I came up with the form of a computer program that the user is able to interact with. Uncertainty is really the main thing this project looks at, in several different ways. The main AI characters, One and Two, act like they are always certain but ultimately and ironically are very uncertain in their own abilities and their simulation. Quantum shows up towards the end of the assignment as a character, and he is programmatically uncertain but actually is able to point out how One and Two are uncertain too. The main section where you are receiving all the different events and scenarios is also meant to be uncertain, choosing between a few different options that are very different to represent how crazy and uncertain this year has been for people.  This is all presented to the user randomly, and I calculated that there are over 100,000 different unique ways that you could traverse through the project. I also included the stats feature to better quantify how the random choice impacted the player.

	There are a few other smaller connections between the content and the form I will quickly rattle off too. The command line interface the user has to go through to start the project hopefully made the content feel more like a computer was the character, especially for anyone not familiar with the command line. The unicode font also helped it feel like a computer communicating too (Just imagine how off it would feel if it was in Arial). The tag for each scenario took the form of an 8 bit binary value (like 10001100), and then started to have it quickly flip between lots of tags towards the end to tie back to uncertainty and the form.

	As for things I wish I could have accomplished, I really wish I had more time to flesh out more options on each of the events. I included two for each, but adding more would make it feel even more different every time. Ultimately I understood most people will probably interact with it just once for the class and I would rather have them seeing my best work than something I sloppily added. I also would have liked to figure out a way to incorporate visuals in a stronger way. I also am a little worried I will lose people in the more technical aspects of the story and I could have introduced that stronger. But, as a whole, I am really happy with the piece, and I plan to continue working on it as a sort of 2020 time capsule for me to look back on later in life.